A way of specifying any uniform polyhedron using three rational numbers
and a bar |. If two of the numbers are equal to 2, the third is
arbitrary. Otherwise we have the restriction that the numerators can
only be 2, 3, 4, or 5 - and 4 and 5 are not allowed to occur together.
There are a few cases:

**Regular polyhedra** have a pattern <span>r, r, r, ..., r</span> of
polygons round each vertex (where <span>3, 3, 3, 3</span> would mean
triangle-triangle-triangle-triangle). By inserting ’non-faces’ with two
sides, we can write this as <span>2, r, 2, r, ..., 2, r</span>. We write
this as p|2r, where p is the number of times the pattern is repeated
(for example, <span>3, 3, 3, 3</span> would become <span>2, 3, 2, 3, 2,
3, 2, 3</span> and be written 4|23).

**Quasi-regular polyhedra** have a pattern <span>q, r, q, r, ..., q,
r</span> of polygons round each vertex, (where <span>3, 4, 3, 4</span>
would mean triangle-square-triangle-square). We write this as p|qr ,
where p is the number of times the pattern repeats itself (so <span>3,
4, 3, 4</span> would be written 2|34).

**Semi-regular polyhedra** have pattern <span>p, 2r, q, 2r</span> of
polygons round each vertex, where p may be 2, to represent a ’non-face’.
This is written with Wythoff symbol pq|r.

**Even-faced polyhedra** have pattern <span>2p, 2q, 2r</span> of
polygons round each vertex. This is written with Wythoff symbol pqr|.

**Snub polyhedra** have pattern <span>3, p, 3, q, 3, r</span> of
polygons round each vertex. This is written with Wythoff symbol |pqr.

**The Great Dirhombicosidodecahedron** has eight faces round each
vertex; the Wythoff method can only deal with up to 6 faces round a
vertex, so there is no true Wythoff symbol for this uniform polyhedron.
It is denoted with the pseudo-Wythoff symbol (|3/2 5/3 3 5/2).

For the purpose of making Wythoff symbols, a fraction a/b means a star
made from a points by joining every $b^{th}$ point. For instance, a
five-pointed star can be made from five points by joining up every
second point; this is written 5/2.
